[Intro | crunchy power-chord riff, handclaps, bright female vocal, spoken and cheeky]
(Spoken) Okay, boss. Put down the tourniquet. Hear me out...
Hey! W-A-L-A-N-T! Oh-oh, oh-oh!
Why not? Why not?

[Verse 1 | bright youthful female lead, double-tracked, palm-muted guitars, light drums]
You say, "Book the gas, book a block, book a bed
Nil by mouth from midnight and a gown that shows your..."
(Spoken) ...you know.
But it's one broken wrist and a volar plate job
And the patient had toast, so don't be a snob
You say the cuff's your friend, it's been there for years
(Spoken) Twenty minutes of cuff? Patient in tears.
Now she's chatting through the case, she's the queen of the room
Rating my reduction and DJ-ing the tunes

[Pre-Chorus | rising snare roll, strummed acoustic, la-la backing vocals, cheeky]
No tourniquet, no fasting, no gas on the list
Just a happy little hand and a wide-awake wrist
La-la-la, I know what you're gonna say
So hit me with the objection anyway!

[Chorus | big shout-along hook, crashing power chords, gang "hey!" shouts, double-tracked lead]
Why not? (Hey!) Go wide-awake!
No gas, no cuff, and she's home for steak!
Why not? (Hey!) Let 'em make a fist!
See the gap, see the catch, see what you missed!
Why not? (Hey!) No sleep, no fuss!
Doctor La-Londe's on the radio, singing with us
Why not? Oh-oh, why not?
Give it a shot! Why not?

[Verse 2 | sweet female lead returns, sassy, kick drum and claps, talk-sung asides]
Now the gas-man's leaning on the theatre door
"What if she moves? What if she talks? What if she snores?"
(Spoken) Forty mils, wait half an hour, then we cut.
(Spoken) "Doc, is that my tendon? Looks like linguine."
(Spoken) "Can I keep it in a jar?" ... No, sweetie.
Through the FCR, lift the PQ, plate's on the bone
Proximal to the watershed, leave the FPL alone
Skyline view at Lister's, keep the dorsal tips short
Or the EPL frays and I'll see you in court
"Make a fist, bend the thumb, turn the palm, move the wrist"
No catch, no clunk, and it holds when she twists
(Spoken) She watched it hold. Now she'll actually move it.
Then she lifts her thumb off the table, EPL gliding through
(Spoken) And a middle finger for the queue. Thank you.

[Pre-Chorus | snare roll, rising energy, stacked harmonies, flirty]
Got a zone two? Vent the Ay-four or a bit of Ay-two
Four-strand core, make a fist, let it glide right through
La-la-la, I know what you're gonna say
So hit me with the objection anyway!

[Chorus | full band, bigger gang vocals, "hey!" shouts, double-tracked lead]
Why not? (Hey!) Go wide-awake!
No gas, no cuff, and she's home for steak!
Why not? (Hey!) Let 'em make a fist!
See the gap, see the catch, see what you missed!
Why not? (Hey!) Bin the rubber bands!
Early active motion for those four-strand hands!
Why not? Oh-oh, why not?
(Spoken) Kleinert? So nineteen-sixty-seven. Why not?

[Verse 3 | driving eighth-note guitars, handclap stabs, sassy female lead, talk-sung]
Administrator with a clipboard frown
"Theatre costs a fortune in this town"
The small stuff's out of theatre, field-sterile and lean
No gas, no recovery, the smallest bill you've seen
Carpal tunnel in the side room? Stay ulnar, please
Recurrent motor branch? That's the one you don't tease
Tabletop test? Hand won't lie flat?
Needle through the cord, (Snap!) imagine that!

[Bridge | half-time, guitars drop out, soft acoustic and glockenspiel, sweet breathy lead]
Dear patient, with your hand down by your knee
Swollen like a sausage, waving back at me
Above the heart, I said, not on your hip
Put out that cigarette, your flap's gone pale right at the tip
Your mallet splint, you let it bend "just once"
Now the clock restarts, six more weeks, sorry hun
That knuckle "scratch" from punching someone's tooth?
Eikenella in the joint! Washout, Augmentin, that's the truth

[Build | drums return, snare roll, gang vocals rising, shouted]
Kanavel signs, count 'em! Hey!
Fusiform swelling! (Hey!)
Finger semi-flexed! (Hey!)
Tender down the sheath! (Hey!)
Pain on passive stretch! (Hey! Hey! Hey!)
(Shout) Everybody make a fist!

[Final Chorus | key change up, explosive power chords, belted double-tracked lead with ad-libs, gang shouts]
Why not? (Hey!) Go wide-awake!
No gas, no cuff, and she's home for steak!
Why not? (Hey!) Let 'em make a fist!
See the gap, see the catch, see what you missed!
Why not? (Hey!) Mallet splint stays on!
Six to eight weeks, let it droop and the clock's back on!
Why not? Oh-oh, why not?
Flip me off, EDC check! Why not?

[Outro | guitars ring out, handclaps, la-la backing, sweet female vocal, spoken tag]
La-la-la, oh-oh, why not?
(Spoken) Boss? Boss. You're blocking my light.
Hey!
[End]
