[Intro | four-on-the-floor kick, wah guitar scratch, string swell, spoken male falsetto]
(Spoken) Fell on an outstretched hand, baby...
(Spoken) And the E-D called it a sprain.
(Diva choir) Ooh, snuffbox!

[Verse 1 | falsetto male lead, octave bass groove, hi-hat sixteenths, playful]
Twenty-two, a goalie, said "Doc, it's just a sprain"
Two weeks in a Tubigrip and paracetamol for pain
I pressed between the tendons, right where snuff would go
E-P-L and E-P-B, and baby, he said "Whoa"
(Spoken) Press mine, I'll say "whoa" too. Sensitive... not specific.
Loaded up the thumb, and I pressed the tubercle too
Three for three, my darling, and it's looking bad for you

[Pre-Chorus | rising strings, handclaps, diva backing answers, building]
X-ray clean (so clean!)
Report says "clinical correlation" (correlate it, honey!)
Up to one in five hide on day one
So we splint that wrist, and we're not done

[Chorus | full disco band, falsetto lead plus diva choir, string stabs, euphoric]
Snuffbox fever! Tender in the hollow!
Treat it like it's broken till the M-R-I can follow
Snuffbox fever! Thumb in, or thumb out?
The trials say it doesn't matter, so we fight about it now!

[Verse 2 | falsetto male lead, wah guitar answers, slinky bass, sly]
Now the blood comes in the back door, flowing in reverse
Enters at the dorsal ridge, the distal pole goes first
Proximal pole's the lonely boy who's last in the queue
Break him at the waist, and he's got no one to call but you

[Pre-Chorus | rising strings, handclaps, diva backing answers, building]
Retrograde (so cold!)
Proximal island, no supply (he's turning white, honey!)
Dense on C-T, dark on T-one
Scratch him in theatre, no bleeding, he's done

[Chorus | full disco band, falsetto lead plus diva choir, string stabs, euphoric]
Snuffbox fever! Tender in the hollow!
Treat it like it's broken till the M-R-I can follow
Snuffbox fever! Thumb in, or thumb out?
A normal film's a liar, honey, scan away the doubt!

[Breakdown | bass and congas only, falsetto spoken-sung, cowbell, flirty]
Waist undisplaced? Cast or screw?
We argued at the bar till a quarter to two
The Swift trial said it's pretty much a draw
So we ordered one more round, and we fixed 'em all
(Diva) Fixed 'em all!
(Spoken) He's a goalie. It was "patient preference."

[Verse 3 | falsetto male lead, strings swirling, octave bass driving, confident strut]
I'm a headless screw, honey, no head to show
Variable pitch, I squeeze you nice and slow
Down the central axis, long as I can fit
Minus four millimetres, so I'm buried every bit
Proximal pole? Go dorsal, baby, flex that wrist for me
Guidewire first, then check it on the fluoroscopy

[Bridge | half-time, minor key, dark strings, falsetto lead pained, diva moans]
He came back eight months later, said "It only clicks a bit"
Humpback on the lateral, distal pole has flexed and quit
Lunate tilting backwards, D-I-S-I in the light
Volar wedge from the iliac crest to set that kyphosis right
Dead pole? One-two in-ter-com-part-men-tal su-pra-re-ti-nac-u-lar!
(Diva) Or steal it from the knee, femoral condyle, superstar!

[Build | snare roll, rising strings, key change up, handclaps doubling, explosive energy]
And if you leave it, leave it, leave it for a decade
S-N-A-C comes stepping in, the styloid's first to fade
Then the capitate gets crunchy, then the midcarpal goes
But the radiolunate lives on, like disco, everybody knows!

[Final Chorus | key change, full disco band, falsetto lead ad-libs, diva choir belting, peak energy]
Snuffbox fever! Tender in the hollow!
Treat it like it's broken till the M-R-I can follow
Snuffbox fever! Four-corner fusion song!
Shiny capitate? Take the whole row out and dance all night long!

[Outro | strings fade, wah guitar, octave bass, spoken falsetto, playful]
(Diva) Nonunion's not a breakup, it's a long engagement, babe
(Spoken) Repeat the scaphoid views at two weeks...
(Diva) It's not nineteen seventy-eight, honey! Get the M-R-I!
(Spoken) ...says the man in the flares.
(Diva choir) Ooh, snuffbox!
