[Intro | Hammond organ swell, spoken preacher, slow handclaps, choir hum]
Church... I see some hands down by the hip tonight.
I see some hands hidin' in the lap.
Can I get an elevation?
(ELEVATE!)

[Verse 1 | Gravelly baritone preacher, walking bass, handclaps on two and four]
Brother came to clinic, knuckle creases gone
Hand like a rubber glove somebody blew air on
I said, "Where you keep it, son?" He said, "Restin' on my knee"
That's below the heart, child! That's gravity!
(Gravity!)
Swellin' is the devil's glue
It sets like concrete, and the P-I-P is comin' for you

[Pre-Chorus | Preacher builds, choir hums rising, organ climbs]
Not in your lap, not down by your pocket
Not in a sling till your shoulder gets locked in
Hand above the elbow, elbow above the heart
Lift it up, church, that's where the healin' starts!

[Chorus | Full gospel choir, call and response, stomping handclaps, Hammond roaring]
Lift up your hands! (ELEVATE!)
Higher than your heart! (ELEVATE!)
Wave 'em in the air with your thumb spica on! (ELEVATE!)
Keep 'em up all night till the swellin's gone! (ELEVATE!)
Hallelujah, venous return! (ELEVATE!)

[Verse 2 | Preacher lead, sly and slow, choir echoes, organ stabs]
Sister got a free flap, prettiest you've seen
Pink and warm, cap refill two seconds clean
Then she snuck behind the dumpster for a menthol at the break
Now that flap is pale as the Holy Ghost, for heaven's sake!
(Pale!) Nicotine done squeezed the artery
(Pale!) Patch, gum or vape, it's the same sin to me!
And if it turns dusky, that's the vein that's jammed
Back to theatre first, then the leeches, ma'am!
(Leeches!) They bring Air-oh-monas to the pew
So we pray with cipro too!

[Chorus | Full gospel choir, call and response, stomping handclaps, Hammond roaring]
Lift up your hands! (ELEVATE!)
Higher than your heart! (ELEVATE!)
Wave 'em in the air with your thumb spica on! (ELEVATE!)
Keep 'em up all night till the swellin's gone! (ELEVATE!)
Hallelujah, venous return! (ELEVATE!)

[Verse 3 | Preacher grieving, half-time feel, organ tremolo, choir moans]
Deacon had a mallet, splint on, day by day
Week six in the shower, took it off to wash away
Tip went droopin' one sweet second while he soaped up his hair
Now the clock is back to zero, Lord, six more weeks right there!
(Start again!)
I tied four core strands, deep down in Zone Two
They call it no man's land, but it's the Lord's land too
Day ten you hit a pickle jar, you felt a little pop
Now that fingertip won't bend, and the Lord says STOP!

[Bridge | Preacher sermon, choir repeats each word, double-time handclaps, organ pumping]
Turn with me to the Book of Therapy, chapter Hook Fist!
Say it with me!
Straight hand! (Straight hand!)
Hook fist! (Hook fist!)
Tabletop! (Tabletop!)
Full fist! (Full fist!)
Straight fist! (Straight fist!)
Ten times a day! (Ten times a day!)
Sister Therapist called, said you no-showed three
She's comin' with a goniometer, and she wants your degrees!
The P-I-P never forgives! (Never forgives!)
The P-I-P never forgets! (Never forgets!)
I can fix your tendon, but I can't fix your regrets!

[Breakdown | Spoken preacher over organ vamp, tambourine, choir shouts]
Somebody in here punched a wall.
Studs every sixteen inches, and you found one.
Fifth metacarpal neck. Boxer's fracture.
Real boxers break the second, son. You broke the fifth.
Angulation? The Lord forgives! (Forgives!)
Rotation? Your fingers scissor! (Scissor!)
And that little cut on the knuckle... you said you hit a wall.
The wall had TEETH! (The wall had teeth!)
Eye-kuh-nella! Washout! Amoxicillin-clavulanate!

[Key Change Final Chorus | Modulation up a whole step, choir at full power, preacher wailing ad-libs, Hammond screaming]
Lift up your hands! (ELEVATE!)
Higher than your heart! (ELEVATE!)
Wrist back, knuckles bent, fingers straight, amen! (ELEVATE!)
Position of safety, born again! (ELEVATE!)
Lift up your hands! (ELEVATE!)
That sling ain't a purse! (ELEVATE!)
Hallelujah, venous return! (ELEVATE!)

[Outro | Organ fades, preacher spoken benediction, choir soft hum, final handclap]
Go in peace, church.
Above the heart.
All night long.
(Ele... vate.)
