[Intro | crunchy power-chord riff, handclaps, bright female vocal, spoken and cheeky]
(Spoken) Okay, boss. Put down the tourniquet. Hear me out...
Hey! W-A-L-A-N-T! Oh-oh, oh-oh!
Why not? Why not?

[Verse 1 | bright youthful female lead, double-tracked, palm-muted guitars, light drums]
You say, "Book a theatre, book the gas, book a bed
Nil by mouth from midnight and a gown that shows your..."
(Spoken) ...you know.
But it's one trigger finger, it's a five-minute job
And the patient had toast, so don't be a snob
You say the cuff's your friend, it's been there for years
(Spoken) Twenty minutes of cuff? Patient in tears.
I got buffered lido-epi and a thirty-gauge smile
Twenty-six minutes, let's just chill for a while

[Pre-Chorus | rising snare roll, strummed acoustic, la-la backing vocals, cheeky]
No tourniquet, no fasting, no gas on the list
Just a happy little hand and a wide-awake wrist
La-la-la, I know what you're gonna say
So hit me with the objection anyway!

[Chorus | big shout-along hook, crashing power chords, gang "hey!" shouts, double-tracked lead]
Why not? (Hey!) Go wide-awake!
Lido, epi, no tourniquet, for goodness' sake!
Why not? (Hey!) Let 'em make a fist!
See the gap, see the catch, see what you missed!
Why not? (Hey!) No gown, no fuss!
Doctor La-Londe's on the radio, singing with us
Why not? Oh-oh, why not?
Give the epi a shot! Why not?

[Verse 2 | sweet female lead returns, sassy, kick drum and claps, talk-sung asides]
Now the gas-man's leaning on the theatre door
"Epi in a finger? It'll fall off on the floor!"
Baby, that was procaine, acidic and old
A pre-nineteen-fifty myth that you keep being told
He says, "It's going white! Gangrene!"
I say, "That's the plan! Still white at the end? Phentolamine!"
(Spoken) Never needed it. Go get a coffee. Get a scone.
(Spoken) The patient doesn't need you, babe. She's on her phone.

[Pre-Chorus | snare roll, rising energy, stacked harmonies, flirty]
Vent the A4 pulley, little bit of A2
Four-strand core, zone two, let it glide right through
La-la-la, I know what you're gonna say
So hit me with the objection anyway!

[Chorus | full band, bigger gang vocals, "hey!" shouts, double-tracked lead]
Why not? (Hey!) Go wide-awake!
Lido, epi, no tourniquet, for goodness' sake!
Why not? (Hey!) Let 'em make a fist!
See the gap, see the catch, see what you missed!
Why not? (Hey!) Bin the rubber bands!
Early active motion for those four-strand hands!
Why not? Oh-oh, why not?
(Spoken) Kleinert? So nineteen-sixty-seven. Why not?

[Verse 3 | driving eighth-note guitars, handclap stabs, sassy female lead, talk-sung]
Administrator with a clipboard frown
"Theatre costs a fortune in this town"
One stitch in the clinic, A-1, pop!
Trigger finger free and the bill's gonna drop
Carpal tunnel in the office? Stay ulnar, please
Recurrent motor branch? That's the one you don't tease
Tabletop test? Hand won't lie flat?
Needle through the cord, (Snap!) imagine that!

[Bridge | half-time, guitars drop out, soft acoustic and glockenspiel, sweet breathy lead]
Dear patient, with your hand down by your knee
Swollen like a sausage, waving back at me
Above the heart, I said, not on your hip
Put out that cigarette, your flap's gone dusky at the tip
Your mallet splint, you took it off "just once"
Now the clock restarts, six more weeks, sorry hun
That knuckle "scratch" from punching someone's tooth?
Eikenella in the joint! Washout, Augmentin, that's the truth

[Build | drums return, snare roll, gang vocals rising, shouted]
Kanavel signs, count 'em! Hey!
Fusiform swelling! (Hey!)
Finger held flexed! (Hey!)
Tender down the sheath! (Hey!)
Pain on passive stretch! (Hey! Hey! Hey!)
(Shout) Everybody make a fist!

[Final Chorus | key change up, explosive power chords, belted double-tracked lead with ad-libs, gang shouts]
Why not? (Hey!) Go wide-awake!
Lido, epi, no tourniquet, for goodness' sake!
Why not? (Hey!) Let 'em make a fist!
See the gap, see the catch, see what you missed!
Why not? (Hey!) Mallet splint stays on!
Six to eight weeks, lift it once and the clock's back on!
Why not? Oh-oh, why not?
The finger didn't fall off! Why not?

[Outro | guitars ring out, handclaps, la-la backing, sweet female vocal, spoken tag]
La-la-la, oh-oh, why not?
(Spoken) Boss? Boss. You're blocking my light.
Hey!
[End]
